Ari Sandler.
Angela is looking great and we've got some tests around creating a new church.
So what's next?
Well, I want to point out that there's kind of a gap inside of our application right now at this point
in time, after we create a charge on the Stripe API, we don't really have any way of relating an order
to a charge at some point in time in the future.
In other words, after we create the actual charge, we don't have any kind of data structure that we
could come back to in, say, a day, a month, a week, a year and say, hey, did someone pay for
this order?
So we're going to start to create a new collection inside of our payment service.
Inside this collection, we're going to store a list of different payments.
The only goal of a payment is to relate an order and a charge that we created on the Stripe API.
So this is a collection that we're going to use to keep track of which orders have actually been paid
for.
You and I are not really going to make use of this payments model at any point in time inside of our
app.
So in other words, we're not really going to read from it.
We're not really going to show any information from it or anything like that.
I'm only showing you how to create this payments collection in case you want to build something in the
future, like, say, a dashboard to show your users a list of all the orders that they have successfully
paid for or something like that.
So this is going to require us to build up a new mongoose model.
And then any time that we create a charge inside of our request.
HANDLER So essentially right here, right after that, we're going to create a new payment object,
and it's just going to save that for a given order.
We have paid for it.
And here's the ID of the stripe charge.
That's pretty much it.
So it will be a pretty simple and straightforward thing to put together.
So let's get started on it right away.
Inside of my models directory, I'm going to make a new file of payments.
At the very top, we will import Mongoose.
As usual.
Well then create our three interfaces.
So a payment adders.
A payment dock that is going to be extending magazine document.
And then a payment model.
And that's going to extend magazine model.
It is a generic.
We'll stick in payment, doc.
Oh.
Little typo there.
Here we go.
So let's start off first with our payment address interface.
What properties are we going to provide to a payment?
Like I said, the only real goal of this payment object is to tell us about or to somehow relate together
an order and a charge that is pretty much it.
So on the payment object, we're just going to store the ID of the order and then we'll also store the
ID of the charge.
That's all we're going to store.
So it's just going to relate these two things together and is going to be the presence of this payment
that indicates that we have successfully paid for a given order.
So on the payment adders right here, I'll say that this thing has a voter ID that is a string and a
stripe ID that is a string.
Next up on the payment dock interface.
So this is going to be the list of properties that a payment has pretty much just the same thing.
So order ID.
That is a string and stripe ID that is a string as well.
Now, do we want a payment to have a version number?
Should this thing have a version for keeping track of all that concurrency stuff?
Well, I would say in general, yes, probably.
But for our application, we are essentially creating a payment one time and then never updating it,
never changing any properties tied to it whatsoever.
The whole idea of a version number was really to keep track and make sure we processed events in a correct
order as a given record changed because our payment record is never going to change because it's really
just got that order ID and stripe ID and that's it.
I really don't need a version number because this thing simply isn't going to change over time, and
I'm never going to expect to have to emit no events and have to make sure that they are processed in
some given order.
So in this case, no version is really required.
Now having said that, it I would say that it is good practice to just include a version everywhere
for every record, even if you don't think you're going to need it right away because you might need
it at some point in time in the future.
And if you decide to add it in the future, well, that means you got to go around to all of your different
events related to this record and add in that version property.
So this is really up to you.
But in the case of this application, I know that I'm not going to make use of the version property,
so I'm just not going to include it.
So then finally onto our payment model.
As usual, we're going to say this thing has a build property or build method that's going to receive
some orders of type.
Payment matters, and it's going to give back to us a payment doc.
Let's then create our schema.
So I'll make a payment schema.
This will be a new mongoose schema.
And then inside of here, we'll say this thing is going to have an odor ID.
It is required.
And its type is going to be string with a capital S.
And then a stripe I.D. as well.
Required.
And its type will also be stirring with the capital S.
As usual, we will also define that, transform property, make sure we strip off that ID, all that
kind of stuff.
So as the second argument right here, we'll put in transformers me to Jason.
There we go transform.
This thing will be called with our document and the return value, and as usual we will set red ID equal
to red underscore ID and then we will delete off the red dot underscore ID property.
Yet.
Nothing too surprising so far.
Now that we've got our scheme up put together, we're going to define the build method on their.
So I'll define.
Payment schema.
Dot Statics.
Dot build.
This will be a function that takes in some attributes of type payment adders and then we will return
a new payment.
And we'll take all those adders and just essentially pass them through.
Yet.
And then finally we'll create the actual payment model at the very bottom and then export it.
So payment.
Is Magoo's model.
He meant.
Eden the payment schema.
Let's not forget that this thing is a generic.
So we're going to specify as well our payment dock and the payment model interfaces.
And then at the very bottom, we can finally export the payment model itself.
So export payment.
Like so.
And that's pretty much it.
Now that we've got this thing put together back inside of a handler, right after we create our charge,
we can create a new instance of a payment and save it to our database.
And again, the whole goal of this thing is to just say, yeah, we paid for the given order.
So now at some point in time in the future, we could do a lookup or say a given order ID and decide
whether or not that order has been paid for.
Let's take a pause right here and implement that last little step in the next video.